hi everyone welcome back today's
tutorial is a requested look using Urban
Decay's naked 2 palette super easy to do
this is the look that I will be creating
today I did add some glitter to this
look so let's go ahead and get started
for this look I've already primed my
eyes with Mac soft ochre now what I'm
going to do is apply pomegranate Punk
and I'm just going to apply this over my
eyelid with my Sedona lace EB 13 brush
and I'm just working this pomegranate
Punk till it looks just like that taking
my blending brush the first color I'm
going to apply is T's and I'm just using
this as my transition color working it
from the inner corner of my eye all the
way to the outer corner and I'm just
using little circular motions kind of
just buffing this color in to stop right
about there and your eyes should look
like this for now the next color I'm
going to apply is verb I'm taking verb
and applying it right at the inner
corner of my eye in patting motions and
I'm just a really big fan of applying
light colors at the inner corner I find
that this really does make your eye look
more awake also applying this just a
little above my crease and the reason
why I do this is because I have small
eyelids want to make my eyelid appear
just a little bit bigger so I'm just
patting this onto my eyelid just like
that and I'm stopping right about there
taking that same flat shading brush and
almost look like a concealer brush I'm
going in now with half-baked now just
taking half-baked and I'm just going to
apply this to the rest of my eyelid
I'm going to just merge these two colors
together by just overlapping it with
verb and just like that now what I'm
going to do is go back in with the same
blending brush that I use to apply T's
and I'm just going to go back in and
just do a last blend right on top
without getting any more of that color
just like that just making sure there's
no harsh lines just back and forth
swirling motion just like that now I'm
just taking black out with my precision
pointed brush art by applying this right
over my crease at the outer corner going
very lightly and I'm just very lightly
blending black out to the outer corner
of my eye as well as bringing it down to
right about there just swirling this
color in only focusing this black out
color at the outer corner of your eye
now what I'm going to do Clyde bust in a
very light handedly blend right over
blackout just like that
the next color I'm going to use for my
brow bone is foxy in that foxy color I'm
going to apply this as my brow bone
highlighting color and I'm also bringing
it down very little just like that for
my lower lash line the color I'm going
to use is busted who applied busted from
the outer corner of my lower lash line
and I'm just bringing it in to right
about there
and now what I'm going to do is also
take burb and apply it to the lower lash
line as well at the inner corner and
connecting it with busted overlapping it
just right about there
and also bringing it up just a little
just to intensify this verb color on the
inner corner of our eye and at this
point your eye should look like this now
all I'm going to do is tight line my
eyes with Tarte skinny smolder eyes I'm
going to line my eyes with Nyx's black
liner apply my mascara lashes and this
look is complete
this next step is completely optional
but because the color half-baked depends
to just completely flush out with Ferb
I'm going to go in with Nyx's crystal
silk liner
to apply this right where I applied
half-baked also angling my brush and
taking it up just a little and again
just going over any areas where I
applied half-baked and now what I'm
going to do is just let this dry it does
dry quick and then I'm going to show you
guys the final look
watching this tutorial and as always I
hope that I've made it super easy for
you guys to do I did want to say I did
have a little bit of complications
working with this naked 2 palette the
pigmentation is absolutely amazing once
watched on your fingers however if you
do use your brushes the application is
completely different you may find
yourself having to wet your brush either
using water or elfs mist and set spray
or even mac fix+ and for me you know to
have to even do that for $50 for this
palette was just a little bit
disappointing
so this palette is definitely not one of
my favorites everybody's opinion is the
same so you know this may be a favorite
of yours but for me personally I think
that for $50 and being that it's from
Urban Decay I just can't understand why
I'm using a brush the application is
just so different and I have tried it in
every which way possible I don't have a
problem with that with my vice palette
so you know definitely this is just not
one of my favorites although the colors
are beautiful and that's pretty much it
and big hugs to all of you and until
next time
you